Add Code insights frontend job description (#2200)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/hiring/software-engineer-code-insights.md

## About you

- You have practice at creating high quality software balanced with a pragmatic understanding of how to make appropriate tradeoffs (e.g. cut scope) to ship quickly and iterate when necessary.
- You communicate clearly and empathetically, especially in writing and documentation.
- You share our [values](../../../company/values.md), and work in accordance with those values.

## Your responsibilities

- Work closely with a Product Manager and Product Designer to implement a high-quality UI for code insights using React, SCSS, and TypeScript.
- Actively shape the direction and participate in the planning of the features we're going to build, e.g. by writing and reviewing [RFCs](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/communication/rfcs).
- Build accessible UIs that other engineers and engineering leaders love using.
- Collaborate with backend engineers to define the ideal APIs needed to deliver on the desired user experience.
- Collaborate with other product teams like search, code intelligence and campaigns to figure out integration points with other Sourcegraph features.

> ## Qualifications

Reviewer: I'm not sure anymore, it probably just started to look like too many headings and like the bullet-point "profile" we are looking for was scattered across multiple headings instead of bundled. I had also looked at the [campaigns job description](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering/hiring/software-engineer-campaigns-full-stack-front-end#what-we-need-from-you), which doesn't have a "Qualifications"/"Nice to haves" split but just a single list, but I also remembered your comment about these sections being important for recruiters.

> ## Qualifications

Reviewer: (let me know if you want me to change this)

## Learn more about us

To create a product that serves the needs of all developers, we are building a diverse [all-remote team](https://about.sourcegraph.com/company/remote) that is [distributed across the world](https://about.sourcegraph.com/company/team). Sourcegraph is an equal opportunity workplace; we welcome people from all backgrounds and communities.

We provide [competitive compensation](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/people-ops/compensation) and [practical benefits](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/people-ops/benefits-and-perks) to keep you happy and healthy so that you can do your best work.

Learn more about what it is like to work at Sourcegraph by reading [our handbook](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook).

## Interview process

<!-- 1. You [apply here](https://jobs.lever.co/sourcegraph/73fda68b-c821-4627-af07-41a0850072fb/apply). -->

> 1. The **Hiring Manager** reviews all the information you provided on your application to determine if you meet our qualifications for this role (if there is another open role we think you would be better qualified for, we will let you know).

Reviewer 2: Who is the HM for this role?

Reviewer: Me. Should that be called out in the handbook? I copied this from the frontend JD

Reviewer 2: Yes, I think candidates want to know who the HM is (we should add it to other JDs that have it missing). Also, since you are the HM here, I would want Jean to be in one of the interviews (perhaps instead of Loïc)

         - [Erik Seliger](../../../company/team/index.md#erik-seliger)
      - **Designer**:
         - [Rob Rhyne](../../../company/team/index.md#rob-rhyne)
         - [Alicja Suska](../../../company/team/index.md#alicja-suska-she-her)
         - [Quinn Keast](../../../company/team/index.md#quinn-keast-he-him)
1. We schedule the following additional interviews, in no particular order, across multiple days:
   - 1 hour **Technical experience:** We ask you about your past work and accomplishments in depth, how you worked with others, decisions you made, and what you'd do differently today.
      - You will interview with two teammates from the following list
        - [Felix Becker](../../../company/team/index.md#felix-becker)
        - [Marek Zaluski](../../../company/team/index.md#marek-zaluski)
        - [TJ Kandala](../../../company/team/index.md#tharuntej-kandala-he-him)
        - [Erik Seliger](../../../company/team/index.md#erik-seliger)
   - 1 hour **Team collaboration:** We ask you about how you work and communicate in a team setting, how you handle tricky situations, decisions you made, and what you'd do differently today.

>       - You will interview with one teammate from each of the following 2 lists
>          - **Engineer**:
>             - [TJ Kandala](../../../company/team/index.md#tharuntej-kandala-he-him)
>             - [Loïc Guychard](../../../company/team/index.md#lo%c3%afc-guychard)
>             - [Marek Zaluski](../../../company/team/index.md#marek-zaluski)
>          - **Non-engineer**:
>             - [Rob Rhyne](../../../company/team/index.md#rob-rhyne)
>             - [Alicja Suska](../../../company/team/index.md#alicja-suska-she-her)
>             - [Quinn Keast](../../../company/team/index.md#quinn-keast-he-him)
>             - [María Craig](../../../company/team/index.md#mar%c3%ada-craig-she-her)
>             - [Eric Brody-Moore](../../../company/team/index.md#eric-brody-moore)
>             - [Jonah Dueck](../../../company/team/index.md#jonah-dueck-he-him)
>             - [Josh Saunders](../../../company/team/index.md#josh-saunders)
>             - [Nick McMillen](../../../company/team/index.md#nick-mcmillen-he-him)
>             - [Christine Lovett](../../../company/team/index.md#christine-lovett-she-her)

Reviewer 2: I don't think it is a good thing to have such a massive interviewer list. Also, the product team is constrained, and I think it makes sense for only product/design that are on the team to interview candidates (by default).

Here is my suggestion:
```suggestion
      - You will interview with one person from each of these lists:
         - **Product/design**
            - [Joel Kwartler](../../../company/team/index.md#joel-kwartler-he-him)
            - [Alicja Suska](../../../company/team/index.md#alicja-suska-she-her)
            - Can backfill with any product manager, designer, or engineering manager.
         - **Engineering management**
            - [Loïc Guychard](../../../company/team/index.md#lo%c3%afc-guychard)
            - [Marek Zaluski](../../../company/team/index.md#marek-zaluski)
            - [TJ Kandala](../../../company/team/index.md#tharuntej-kandala-he-him)
            -  Can backfill with any engineering manager.
```

Reviewer: I had copy-pasted this from the frontend JD per Jean's ask above, but I think you're absolutely right. Would also add Jean himself to the list of EMs here since I'll be doing the HM screen.

Reviewer: This would however remove all people from CE and bizops, which I think were added not too long ago. Once we move the the frontend JD to individual JDs and do the same there, they would effectively not be in the panel in anymore.  Is that intentional?

# Software Engineer — Code Insights — Frontend

The code insights team is looking for an experienced, passionate engineer to build with us an entirely new product area of Sourcegraph: Code insights.
Code insights is the first feature in Sourcegraph that provides **high-level** information about code, building atop all Sourcegraph's other features and even external data sources.

> We're building a [small, autonomous, international, full stack team](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering/code-insights).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We're building a [autonomous, international, full-stack team](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering/code-insights).
```

- Ahead lay extremely interesting challenges and opportunities for growth in making code insights scalable to hundreds of thousands of repositories, while also making it more powerful with filter capabilities, actionable insights, custom data sources – and much more we haven't even thought of yet.
- In addition to serving all of Sourcegraph's existing developer users, code insights is the first feature we're building to serve engineering and product leaders at the director-or-above-level.
- Sourcegraph's users all have technical backgrounds, meaning we can focus on the innovation and power of code insights rather than get caught up in product education.
- Code insights will shape how all the top engineering-first companies build, organize, and evaluate themselves.

## About you

- You have practice at creating high quality software balanced with a pragmatic understanding of how to make appropriate tradeoffs (e.g. cut scope) to ship quickly and iterate when necessary.
- You communicate clearly and empathetically, especially in writing and documentation.
- You share our [values](../../../company/values.md), and work in accordance with those values.

## Your responsibilities

> - Work closely with a PM and a designer to implement a high-quality UI for code insights using React, SCSS and TypeScript.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Work closely with a Product Manager and Product Designer to implement a high-quality UI for code insights using React, SCSS, and TypeScript.
```

Reviewer: Was the capitalization intentional?

Reviewer 3: Yes

## Not sure if this is you?

We want a diverse, global team, with a broad range of experience and perspectives. If this job sounds great, but you're not sure if you qualify, apply! Candidates often underestimate how qualified they actually are. We carefully consider every application, and will either move forward with you, find another team that might be a better fit, keep in touch for future opportunities, or thank you for your time.

## Learn more about us

To create a product that serves the needs of all developers, we are building a diverse [all-remote team](https://about.sourcegraph.com/company/remote) that is [distributed across the world](https://about.sourcegraph.com/company/team). Sourcegraph is an equal opportunity workplace; we welcome people from all backgrounds and communities.

We provide [competitive compensation](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/people-ops/compensation) and [practical benefits](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/people-ops/benefits-and-perks) to keep you happy and healthy so that you can do your best work.

Learn more about what it is like to work at Sourcegraph by reading [our handbook](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook).

> ## Interview process

Reviewer 3: @felixfbecker Let's align the interview process here with the updates in https://github.com/sourcegraph/about/pull/2202
